This License Agreement governs your use of the Alloy Look&Feel
software ("SOFTWARE") supplied to you by INCORS GmbH ("INCORS") and
related documentation. By downloading, installing or otherwise using
the SOFTWARE, you agree to be legally bound by the terms of this
License Agreement.


1. PERMITTED USE

A. Specific conditions of use which apply to the type of license you
have acquired from INCORS

Evaluation License

- You may use the SOFTWARE within your organisation for a period of up
  to 30 days from its supply to you. At the end of this period, if you
  do not purchase another license from INCORS you must destroy all
  copies of the SOFTWARE supplied to you, including copies installed
  on any computer, and all related documentation.

- You may not distribute any portions of the Software to any third
  party

Single Developer License

- You may install and use the SOFTWARE for development purposes on one
  computer within your organisation.

- You may incorporate the SOFTWARE into your own software products for
  distribution to other people or organisations provided the
  appropriate copyright of INCORS is acknowledged on all media
  containing, and documentation relating to, such software products.

- You may not distribute the SOFTWARE, or any portion of the SOFTWARE,
  to any third party unless it is incorporated into your own software
  products whose functionality exceeds the functionality of the
  SOFTWARE and which do not compete directly with the SOFTWARE.

Company License

- You may install and use the SOFTWARE on any number of computers or
  terminals within your organisation in one country.

- You may incorporate the SOFTWARE, or portions of the SOFTWARE, into
  your own software products for distribution to other people or
  organisations provided the appropriate copyright of INCORS is
  acknowledged on all media containing, and documentation relating to,
  such software products.

- You may not distribute the SOFTWARE, or any portion of the SOFTWARE,
  to any third party unless it is incorporated into your own software
  products whose functionality exceeds the functionality of the
  SOFTWARE and which do not compete directly with the SOFTWARE.

B. General conditions of use applying to all types of license.

- You may make a reasonable number of copies of the SOFTWARE for
  backup and recovery purposes.

- You may not make copies of the SOFTWARE additional to those
  expressly permitted in this License Agreement.

- You may not remove or obscure any copyright and trademark notices
  relating to the SOFTWARE.

- You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
  SOFTWARE, except and only to the extent that such activity is
  expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this
  limitation.

- You may not sublicense, transfer or assign this License Agreement or
  any of your rights or obligations under this License Agreement, in
  whole or in part.


2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The copyright, patents, trade marks and all other intellectual
property rights in the SOFTWARE and related documentation are owned by
INCORS or its suppliers and are protected by national laws and
international treaty provisions. You do not obtain any rights in the
SOFTWARE other than those expressly granted in this License Agreement.


3. TERMINATION
This License Agreement is effective until terminated. Without
prejudice to any other rights, INCORS may terminate this License
Agreement if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of the
License Agreement. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the
software. You may terminate this License Agreement at any time by
destroying all copies of the SOFTWARE.


4. LIMITED WARRANTY

INCORS warrants that for a period of six (6) months from the date of
acquisition, the SOFTWARE, if operated as directed, will substantially
achieve the functionality described in the documentation accompanying
same. INCORS does not warrant that the functions of the SOFTWARE will
meet your requirements or that operation of the SOFTWARE will be
uninterrupted or error free.

INCORS' sole liability for any breach of this warranty shall be, in
INCORS sole discretion:

A. to replace the defective SOFTWARE; or

B. to advise you how to achieve substantially the same functionality
with the SOFTWARE as described in the documentation through a
procedure different from that set forth in the documentation; or

C. if the above remedies are impracticable, to refund any license fee
you paid for the SOFTWARE.

THE ABOVE IS THE ONLY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, THAT IS MADE BY INCORS ON THE
SOFTWARE. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION
OR LIMITATION OF WARRANTY, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.


5. LIMITED LIABILITY

NEITHER INCORS NOR ANYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE CREATION,
PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS
INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE EVEN IF INCORS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU.


6. HIGH-RISK ACTIVITIES

The SOFTWARE is not designed or intended for use in high-risk
activities including, without restricting the generality of the
foregoing, on-line control of aircraft, air traffic, aircraft
navigation or aircraft communications; or in the design, construction,
operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility. INCORS and its
suppliers specifically disclaim any express or implied warranty of
fitness for such purposes or any other purposes.


7. MISCELLANEOUS

This License Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance
with the laws of Germany. No choice of law rules of any jurisdiction
will apply. If any provision of this License Agreement is held to be
unenforceable, this License Agreement will remain in effect with the
provision omitted.

